I told you to move in lines!
Move in lines!
Are you okay?
My dad…
How did my dad get shot?
Go stay in the library. Now!
Take Yeong-ro with you.
Let's go, Yeong-ro.
Hey! Seol-hui! Here!
-Seol-hui!
-Gwang-tae!
Listen carefully.
We can't stay here and get killed.
It's better to escape here
and cooperate with the ANSP.
He's right. We can't trust these guys.
They might blow themselves up!
Hurry up, Hye-ryeong!
Come on!
This is crazy!
No. That's too dangerous.
Is there any way to ward them off
other than this?
Since Eun is seriously injured,
Nam must be leading the operation.
It's worth a shot if it's Nam.
If this is one of your tricks,
you better stop.
Because I'll be right behind you
pointing my gun at you.
Hurry up. Time is running out.
As you know, the armed spies are occupying
the Hosu University dorm.
The first goal of this operation
is to kill the Northern spies
and everyone helping them.
And the second goal
is to rescue Dr. Kang.
If possible,
we'll rescue Dr. Kang.
Everyone here? Is anyone missing?
Hye-ryeong and Seol-hui are not here.
Gwang-tae and Byeong-tae
aren't here either.
Those damn brats.
Wait. What if they're trying
to sneak away by themselves?
Everyone wait here.
-Where are you going?
-I need to go to the cafeteria.
Come on, Ms. Oh.
Walk slowly.
Slowly!
Comrade Joo!
Eung-cheol.
If he attacks you again,
don't hesitate to shoot him.
I will. I will put a hole in his head.
Go up.
Yeong-ro!
Hey!
No! Don't shoot!
I passed the Civil Service Exam for--
Get down!
Get out!
Get out now!